I won't do a loss-making deal.
Are you interested in investing together?
I can't afford to waste this house
What's more, it's this old broken little lady Wang
Are you interested in taking a gamble?
What to bet on in a week
House prices will go up here
If my prophecy comes true
The royal family and I teamed up to take a piece of land
And if you lose?
Whatever you want.
This is what you said.
Then we'll see.
I'm waiting for your good news
brother
I've negotiated that we can sign the contract tomorrow
Anyway, you've run out of money now.
It's over, okay, I said I didn't see you wrong.
My little heart is complaining to you now.
Do you think this can really make money?
In case it hits your hand
Then we're done
Don't worry, it won't be messed up.
You have the contract ready now
Come and sign early tomorrow